{\rtf1\ansi\deff3\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Serif{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f4\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f5\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Liberation Sans{\*\falt Arial};}{\f6\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f7\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f8\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f9\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}{\f10\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset128 Arial;}{\f11\fnil\fprq0\fcharset128 ;}{\f12\fnil\fprq0\fcharset128 Aru;}{\f13\fnil\fprq0\fcharset128 Ri;}{\f14\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f15\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f16\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f17\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\rtlch\af17\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe1033\hich\af0\loch\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\ltrpar\cf0\f0\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af14\langfe1033 Normal;}
{\*\cs15\snext15 Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext17\rtlch\af16\afs28\alang1025 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe1033\hich\af5\loch\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf0\f5\fs28\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af15\langfe1033 \u220\'dcberschrift;}
{\s17\sbasedon0\snext17\rtlch\af17\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe1033\hich\af0\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f0\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af14\langfe1033 Textk\u246\'f6rper;}
{\s18\sbasedon17\snext18\rtlch\af16\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe1033\hich\af0\loch\sl276\slmult1\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\sb0\sa140\ltrpar\cf0\f0\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af14\langfe1033 Aufz\u228\'e4hlung;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\rtlch\af16\afs24\alang1025\ai \ltrch\lang1033\langfe1033\hich\af0\loch\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\sb120\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\f0\fs24\lang1033\i\kerning1\dbch\af14\langfe1033 Beschriftung;}
{\s20\sbasedon0\snext20\rtlch\af16\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe1033\hich\af0\loch\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\ltrpar\cf0\f0\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af14\langfe1033 Verzeichnis;}
{\s21\snext21\rtlch\af17\afs20\alang1081 \ltrch\lang1031\langfe1031\hich\af0\loch\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\ltrpar\cf0\f0\fs20\lang1031\kerning1\dbch\af14\langfe1031 Normal Table;}
{\s22\sbasedon0\snext22\rtlch\af14\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe1033\hich\af6\loch\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\ltrpar\cf0\f6\fs20\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af14\langfe1033 Plain Text;}
}{\*\generator LibreOffice/7.5.3.2$Windows_X86_64 LibreOffice_project/9f56dff12ba03b9acd7730a5a481eea045e468f3}{\info{\*\company Isis Pharmaceuticals, Inc.}{\title EXORCISE (I/WHITE), the spellcaster's clearing, Instant: Every Demon}{\author RWarren}{\creatim\yr2006\mo11\dy7\hr11\min45}{\revtim\yr2023\mo7\dy25\hr9\min45}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}}{\*\userprops{\propname Operator}\proptype30{\staticval RWarren}}\deftab720\deftab720
\hyphauto1\viewscale100
{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse451\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\pgdscnxt0 Standard;}}
\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\sectd\sbknone\pgndec\sftnnar\saftnnrlc\sectunlocked1\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc\htmautsp
{\*\ftnsep\chftnsep}\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af17\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe1033\hich\af0\loch\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\ltrpar\cf0\f0\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af14\langfe1033\ql{\hich\af10\loch\fs24\b\f10\loch
Water Run}{\hich\af10\loch\fs24\f10\loch
: GREY, }{\hich\af10\loch\fs24\b\f10\loch
one character}{\hich\af10\loch\fs24\f10\loch
, }{\hich\af10\loch\fs24\i\f10\loch
Move}{\hich\af10\loch\fs24\f10\loch
: This spell creates a special Move chit that can be used to \uc2 \u8220\'81\'67walk the woods\u8221\'81\'68 while on a river hex tile. The target can move either from a non-water clearing to a water clearing, or from a water clearing to a non-mountain clearing. If moving to a water clearing, it only takes one move phase to move onto that clearing regardless of what clearing the target is moving from (including upstream). The Move chit\u8217\'81\'66s strength is equal to the target\u8217\'81\'66s weight, and has a time number dependent on the target\u8217\'81\'66s weight. Negligible = 1, Light = 2, Medium = 3, Heavy = 4, Tremendous = 5. If the character\u8217\'81\'66s weight changes, then so does the time number on the chit (the chit\u8217\'81\'66s strength changes if the target\u8217\'81\'66s weight changes, always matching strength with weight). The spellcaster controls when this chit is used, but it can only be used when the target uses a move chit. \uc1 }{\hich\af10\loch\fs24\i\f10\loch
Exception}{\hich\af10\loch\fs24\f10\loch
: If the spellcaster plays this spell on himself, he can play the spell\uc2 \u8217\'81\'66s Move chit directly, without playing a normal move chit (or a treasure that acts as a move chit), even if the spellcaster himself doesn\u8217\'81\'66t have a move chit.\uc1 }
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af17\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe1033\hich\af0\loch\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\ltrpar\cf0\f0\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af14\langfe1033\ql{\hich\af10\loch\fs24\f10\loch
1. When the target plays a move chit during the Action Step (such as for running away), the spellcaster can interrupt his play and force him to use the special Move chit to run away. If currently in a water clearing, the spellcaster chooses which non-water and non-mountain clearing the target is running away to. If currently in a non-water clearing, the spellcaster chooses which water clearing the target is running away to (if there is only one water clearing, he can only run away towards that water clearing). The next day, the target must use his first activity to move onto the clearing he ran towards; it only takes one move activity to move to the clearing, even if it\uc2 \u8217\'81\'66s a water clearing.\uc1 }
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af17\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe1033\hich\af0\loch\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\ltrpar\cf0\f0\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af14\langfe1033\ql{\hich\af10\loch\fs24\f10\loch
2. When the target starts to do a Move phase from one clearing in a river hex tile to another clearing in the same tile, the spellcaster can invoke the special Move chit and allow him to walk the woods between his clearing to the clearing the target specified, and/or allow him to only use a single move phase in order to move onto a water clearing. If the spellcaster does not invoke the special Move chit, then the target is unable to walk the woods. If this would prevent him from moving to the designated clearing, then the phase is cancelled. If the target only used a single move phase to move onto a water clearing when it normally would take two consecutive move phases, and the spellcaster doesn\uc2 \u8217\'81\'66t invoke the chit, then the target must either have two consecutive move activities to move onto that water clearing recorded, or he stays in his current clearing and wastes a move phase.\uc1 }
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af17\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe1033\hich\af0\loch\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\ltrpar\cf0\f0\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af14\langfe1033\ql{\hich\af10\loch\fs24\f10\loch
3. When the target uses the special Move chit to walk the woods, he leaves behind any followers who cannot also walk the woods.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\rtlch\af17\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\lang1033\langfe1033\hich\af0\loch\ql\widctlpar\hyphpar0\faauto\ltrpar\cf0\f0\fs24\lang1033\kerning1\dbch\af14\langfe1033\ql{\hich\af10\loch\fs24\f10\loch
4. Any time the target uses a Move chit to move, the spellcaster can invoke the special Move chit. When this happens, whether or not the target walks the woods or moves to a water clearing as described above, the spell is broken.}
\par }